Domain Blocklist (#61)
Intevation/csaf-online-provider: README.md

systemctl restart apache2
```

### Blocking Domains

Operators can block certain domains, preventing scans of them entirely.

> To block a domain, insert it into the environment variable "DOMAIN_BLOCKLIST". Each string seperated by a whitespace will be interpreted as a separate domain. Should a user attempt to scan a blocked domain, an informative error is returned instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To block a domain, insert it into the environment variable "DOMAIN_BLOCKLIST". Each string, separated by a whitespace, will be interpreted as a separate domain. Should a user attempt to scan a blocked domain, an informative error is returned instead.
```

typo

Example:

```shell
DOMAIN_BLOCKLIST="example.com second.example.com"
```

> A full restart is required to set the blocked domains into effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A restart of the backend container is required to set the blocked domains into effect.
```
